add --legacy option to use deprecated TSO API , improve error message… (#2748)
zowe/zowe-cli: packages/cli/CHANGELOG.md

## Recent Changes

> - Enhancement: Add a new `--legacy` option to the `zowe tso issue command` command, allowing the user to force the use of the previous TSO command functionality (where Zowe CLI creates and tears down the TSO address space via multiple API calls). This is useful for working around this issue that may occur when using the newer z/OSMF API: [#2738](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli/issues/2738)

Reviewer: Please follow the pattern in our [release notes](https://docs.zowe.org/stable/whats-new/release-notes/v3_5_0) when writing changelog entries. Keep the Enhancement/BugFix prefix, but please avoid references to "this issue." 
The overall pattern for our notes: BugFix: Note written here followed by a period then the issue or PR link. #1234

Author: I see, how does it look with my latest?  Thanks

> - Enhancement: Added a new `--legacy` option to the `zowe tso issue command` command, allowing the user to force the use of the previous TSO command functionality (where Zowe CLI creates and tears down the TSO address space via multiple API calls). This is useful for working around an error reading "Did not receive output from the z/OSMF TSO API." that may occur with the newer TSO API. [#2738](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli/issues/2738)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhancement: Added a new `--legacy` option to the `zowe tso issue command` command, allowing the user to force the use of the previous TSO command functionality (where Zowe CLI creates and tears down the TSO address space via multiple API calls). This is useful for working around an error reading "Did not receive output from the z/OSMF TSO API" that might occur with the newer TSO API. [#2738](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli/issues/2738)
```

> - Bug fix:  Improve the error message if z/OSMF fails to return any output when excuting a TSO command [#2738](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli/issues/2738)

Reviewer 2: Small typo, and a couple adjustments for consistency:

```suggestion
- BugFix: Improve the error message if z/OSMF fails to return any output when executing a TSO command [#2738](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli/issues/2738)
```

Author: Thank you
